Feature suggestion template: update (#8017)
Homebrew/brew: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature.md

<details>
<summary><strong>Guidelines</strong></summary>
Thank you for making a feature suggestion! :heart:

<!-- Please fill these sections with the relevant information: -->
Please fill the sections below with the relevant information.

# A detailed description of the proposed feature
Homebrew is a non-profit project run entirely by unpaid volunteers.
We, therefore, reserve the right to close your issue without comment if you
delete, do not read, or do not fill out the issue checklist below and provide
**all** the requested information. Note, that if you repeatedly fail to use
the issue template, we will be forced to block you from ever submitting issues
to Homebrew again.

<!-- replace me -->
We will also likely close this issue or ask you to create a pull-request if
it's something the maintainers are not actively planning to work on.

# The motivation for the feature
Thank you for your understanding,<br>
\- Homebrew maintainers
</details>

<!-- replace me -->

> # How the feature would be relevant to at least 90% of Homebrew users

Reviewer: I’d say this point is too important to be relegated to a hidden comment. When the conversation on a feature evolves, there should always be a return to “but is that relevant to the majority of users?”. Having that front and centre is an important reminder and makes the goal clear even to commenters who never opened a feature request.

“Relevance” is generic and open to interpretation; “How the feature would be relevant to at least 90% of Homebrew users” is specific and direct. From anecdotal experience on the cask side, it a note is a comment instead of direct text, people are considerably more likely to not follow it.

In general, I think the template as it stands is isn’t cleaner than your changes, but it’s clearer and that is more important.

Reviewer 2: This text is found nearly verbatim below on line 44.

Reviewer: > This text is found nearly verbatim below on line 44.

It is. My sole comment was that it was hidden. Not sure if that’s a problem on this repo as well, but *anecdotally* on the Cask side hidden comments tended to be ignored by users a lot.

Reviewer 3: This is/should be more prominent and first to discourage people typing a detailed description only to realise "oh, this will be useful to almost no-one so I shouldn't bother submitting this".

---

<details>
<summary><strong>Guidelines</strong></summary>
Thank you for making a feature suggestion! :heart:

Please fill the sections below with the relevant information.

Homebrew is a non-profit project run entirely by unpaid volunteers.
We, therefore, reserve the right to close your issue without comment if you
delete, do not read, or do not fill out the issue checklist below and provide
**all** the requested information. Note, that if you repeatedly fail to use

> the issue template, we will be forced to block you from ever submitting issues
> to Homebrew again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the issue template, we will block you from submitting issues to Homebrew.
```

We will also likely close this issue or ask you to create a pull-request if
it's something the maintainers are not actively planning to work on.

Thank you for your understanding,<br>
\- Homebrew maintainers
</details>

## Description

_A detailed description of the proposed feature_

replace me

## Motivation

_The motivation for the feature_

replace me

## Relevance

> _How the proposed feature would be relevant
> to at least 90% of Homebrew users/maintainers._

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_How the proposed feature would be relevant to at least 90% of Homebrew users._
```

---

> # Please note we will close your issue without comment if you delete, do not read or do not fill out the issue checklist below and provide ALL the requested information. If you repeatedly fail to use the issue template, we will block you from ever submitting issues to Homebrew again.

Reviewer 3: This should remain at the top so it's most likely to be read.

> <details>

Reviewer 3: This will hide everything by default, no? That seems undesirable.

Author: This hides the contributor guidelines from the rendered comment only.
Contributor see them when they're working on the contribution. 

My idea was to help maintainers concentrate on the contribution rather than parsing though the static wording of the template.

Reviewer 3: I see. Well, I'm open to trying it out and reverting (this particular bit) if it makes life harder.

<summary><strong>Guidelines</strong></summary>
Thank you for making a feature suggestion! :heart:

**Please fill out all the sections below with the relevant information.**

We will review your suggestion and let you know our decision as soon as we can.

> Note, that we will close this issue if neither you nor we have the time to work on it.

Reviewer 3: We will close it unless maintainers actively plan on working on it or making it `help wanted`.

Homebrew is a non-profit project run entirely by unpaid volunteers.
We, therefore, reserve the right to close your issue without comment if you
delete, do not read, or do not fill out the issue checklist below and provide
_**all** information requested_. Note, that if you repeatedly fail to fill out

> the issue template, we will be forced to block you from ever submitting issues
> to Homebrew.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the issue template, we will block you from submitting issues to Homebrew.
```

Author: I'm not sure about this...  `will be forced to` adds a hint of politeness to this rather strong message. It doesn't make the message any weaker and informs about our "great power". It also conveys the idea that we don't want to do that, which, I believe, is true.

Reviewer 2: No one's really forcing us to do anything. It sounds unnecessarily wordy to me.

Reviewer 4: How about:

```suggestion
the issue template, we may block you from ever submitting issues to Homebrew.
```

To me, it feels a little nicer than a plain old "we will block you" but is still right to the point

Reviewer 5: > a plain old "we will block you"

We will we will _block you_ 👏
🕺 🕺 👏

Reviewer 3: This should be the first line of the template and, whatever is done with the wording, the issue template should be made consistently here and in homebrew-core (which can be a follow-up PR after this is merged).

Thank you for your understanding,<br>
\- Homebrew maintainers
</details>

## Description
_A detailed description of the proposed feature._

replace me

## Motivation
_The motivation for the feature._

replace me

## Relevance
_How the proposed feature would be relevant to at least 90% of Homebrew users._

replace me

## Alternatives
_What alternatives to the feature have been considered._

replace me

## Your Commitment

> _Please indicate if you're willing to implement this feature._

Reviewer 3: This is somewhat irrelevant because even if they say they will: that doesn't mean we're any more or less likely to close or accept it or that their implementation will be acceptable.

Author: This is not related to the decision-making step but to the one after it if the suggestion is accepted. We can:
- add "if your suggestion is accepted"
- remove this part

---

<details>
<summary><strong>Guidelines</strong></summary>
Thank you for making a feature suggestion! :heart:

**Please fill out all the sections below with the relevant information.**

We will review your suggestion and let you know our decision as soon as we can.
Note, that:

> - proposed feature must be relevant to at least 90% of Homebrew users.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- proposed features must be relevant to at least 90% of Homebrew users.
```

> - we will close this issue unless maintainers actively plan on working
>   on it or making it `help wanted`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- we will close this issue unless maintainers actively plan on working on it or making it `help wanted`.
```

Homebrew is a non-profit project run entirely by unpaid volunteers.
We, therefore, reserve the right to close your issue without comment if you
delete, do not read, or do not fill out the issue each section below and provide
_**all** information requested_. If you repeatedly fail to fill out the issue template,

> you will be blocked from ever submitting issues to Homebrew.

Reviewer 3: Put this at the top.

Author: outside the 'details' block?

Author: I moved it to the top of the 'details' block after the 'thank you' note and the request to fill out the template in its entirety.

Reviewer 3: It has been moved from line 7 to line 13.

Thank you for your understanding,<br>
\- Homebrew maintainers
</details>

## Description
_A detailed description of the proposed feature._

> replace me

Reviewer 3: This should be a hidden comment, like before.

Author: I hid these back but... why should these be hidden? From the UX perspective, it seems that having these shown by default should make it easier for people to edit.

Reviewer 3: > From the UX perspective, it seems that not having HTML comment tags should make the template a bit easier for people to edit.

I disagree. I'd really like if this PR can be scoped on fixing problems _we've actually seen contributors have_ rather than speculating on what is or isn't easy.

---

> <details>

Reviewer: Just noticed I didn’t submit this comment (damn ⌘↵ starting a review).

Hiding the big message on `details` is pretty smart! I think I might steal that idea for the cask bug report template.
